Donnybrook Apartments
7914 Knollwood Rd, Towson, MD 21286
0.5 miles to Towson University Main Campus
Rent range: $1,416 - $1,859
Unit sizes: 1 - 3 Beds

Amenities
Unit Features

    Air Conditioning
    Carpet
    Dining Room
    Dishwasher
    Extra Storage
    Garbage Disposal
    Heat - Central
    Heat - Floor/Wall
    Heating
    High-Speed Internet Available
    Kitchen
    Refrigerator
    Storage for Additional Cost
    Storage Space Included
    Stove

Community Features

    Full-time Maintenance Staff
    Manager on Site
    Property Manager On-Site

Laundry

    Washer/Dryer in Unit

Unique Features

    Bike Racks throughout Community
    Covered Towson University Shuttle Stop
    Dishwashers
    Efficient Appliances
    Electric Ranges
    Electric Vehicle Charging Stations
    Exterior Phone Charging Station
    Flex Rent Partner
    Free Resident Permit Parking
    Full-Size Washer & Dryer
    Great Resident Events
    Great Towson Location
    Guest Street Parking
    HVAC Systems
    Kitchen Breakfast Bars*
    Online Resident Portal
    Renovated Apartment Homes Available*
    Separate Dining Areas
    Storage Available*
    Towson University Covered Shuttle Stop
    USB Outlets in Bedrooms*
    Wall-to-Wall Carpeting
    Washer/Dryer Inside Of Every Home
    Windows in every room

Yes i am a Donnybrook 2 year resident and cant express to you the level this establishment attempts to nickel and dime you at every turn. The staff at the leasing office is nothing short of disrespectful, nasty and full of passave aggressive attitude. When it comes to the apartment itself 2 words are good enough, small and dungie. The walls are clearly painted over with the same white coat 5 times, evident by the cracking walls and the windows leave just enough room for water to poor in and create mildew. Overall 2/10 cant wait to graduate.

WARNING for anyone thinking about signing a lease at Donnybrook- My college student and a roommate signed a one year lease. After paying their rent on time for 10 months, my son was accidentally late with his half of the rent for the month of June. On June 6, they were charged a $31 late fee. On June 13, the leasing office filed a COURT REPORT and charged us $42. When I realized that my son's half had not been paid, I got a money order as requested by the leasing office and mailed in the rent due plus the late fee. The leasing office informed that me that if they did not receive the funds within 2 days, we would be charged an additional $48 and HAVE TO SHOW UP FOR COURT the following day. The lady at the leasing office informed me that the $48 was to begin the EVICTION process! When I spoke to her, she said she would not remove the court fee. So, because we were 3 weeks late with half of June's rent, we owe an additional $73 and almost EVICTED! Fortunately, the boys will be moving out by the end of July. So, please be aware of how the leasing office handles late payments before you sign a lease! I won't get in to the mold issue and the nasty smell of the apartment building!

The perfect apartment for college students and adult residents as well! A friendly community that is close enough to Towson University to walk but also provides TU shuttles! A quiet area that is shared with residential houses. The apartments are newly renovated with new appliances in the Kitchens. Living in Donnybrook put's you in the epicenter of everything in Towson!

The majority of the tenants, if not all, are students and as a former student tenant here's my complete obvious review. 1. The management company does whatever they can to squeeze every penny out of you. To pay rent you must either mail it in or pay online. To pay online you're charged a convenience fee so you pay to pay your rent. Everyone I know who lives or has lived here have said they never get their deposit back. Donnybrook puts in new carpet after most tenants leave routinely but charge you for it. A friend was charged a complete bath tub for some obscure reason. 2. The leasing office/ maintence staff are usually pretty nice but incompetent. I moved my bed and a bookcase half way into my lease and found black mold behind the furniture. I was told its because I "didn't let walls breathe" afterwards they came in and used Lysol spray to wipe the mold off. 8th grade science tells me the mold didn't grow on the surface, it grew through the surface. I complained about my downstairs neighbors playing loud music and shouting in the morning, afternoon, and evening. They even banged on my door and neighbors yelling through the door after someone called the cops on their party. After complaint multiple times I was told all the leasing office can do is write them a letter asking to be mindful with their noise. I'm all for music and parties but a party on a Tuesday during finals is crossing the line. 3. The washing machines here are horrible. Half the load comes out dry and the management company doesn't do anything since a third party company control the machines. 4. Parking here during school hours suck since everyone and their mother park in front of the buildings to go to class. That one I understood and honesty is the least of your worries. 5. If you find reviews anywhere else that are kinda odd but not negative, it's because occasionally they'll run a "leave us a review and enter a sweepstakes" thing. 6. At the beginning of our lease we were temporarily asked to leave so they could renovate our apartment and hike up the rent which is volunteered for. What we didn't volunteer was received go the same hike but not getting the complete renovations others got. Our kitchen was renovated but the bathroom wasn't touched when others had their bathroom, foyer, and kitchen renovated.