if you want her really close to campus i recommend looking at Towson Place Apartments or University Village. both are pretty much on campus an are about 1200/ month depending on how many roommates she has. there’s also more luxurious apartment complexes off campus (maybe a 10-15 min walk to campus) located on york road. only one id recommend is the York apartments. Aspen and Altus have too many parties. all the options i named come fully furnished for the price. There’s also facebook groups dedicated to finding roommates and accommodations off campus in the Towson area. there’s lots of shuttles provided by towson as well making getting around without a car manageable

Thank you. She does have a car so distance is not an issue. She definitely needs a quiet place without parties and more of a young professional atmosphere versus an undergraduate vibe.


I live in a neighborhood called Rodgers Forge, just a few minutes south of TU (my daughter is a senior there this year. ) There usually are houses for rent here, it's a much sought after neighborhood, family oriented. But many TU students live here, I've had a number as neighbors in the past. Most houses are 3 bedroom, some 4, so with roommates very reasonable. Here's a link to the community web page for more info. https://www.rodgersforge.org/

I can’t thank you enough. That sounds much more like the experience my daughter would be looking for. She’s 24, has never been into the hard party college scene and is more into wine and a charcuterie board type of get together. She currently lives in a cottage with a Roomate on several acres with a nice older couple in the main house.


Then she'd fit right in! :) Best of luck to her!

How do you find available rooms and homes there? I don’t see anything on the site.


Hmmmm. I'd have to look at rental sites. I have a friend who is a realtor, I can ask her what she would recommend and get back to you. I'll dm you.

?

Giving up my lease at Altus Towson Row

I have a lease available right now at Altus. It is in a quad, but you have your own room and own bathroom. I currently pay $1133. Looking to release my lease ASAP. Like yesterday.

All girls quad, and they are all 19-23. Towson and Morgan students. My room is in the corner, it has a large window. There are no pets here. There have never been any rodents or bugs. I am on the 7th floor. My roommates are quiet. But you can hear people in the hallways on party nights. lmk if you have any other questions.

My instagram is: @deluxe.dorii

Thank you! I appreciate the response. My daughter chose a different school.
