There’s an off-campus housing website that displays rentals near the area. You could also check York and Altus Towson row, they’re pretty expensive though and they have annual leases. I’m staying at Altus this year.

Altus seems to be the most popular choice people go with and I was kind of curious how come. You happen to know people with good experiences or do a tour before signing?

It’s the only place that has at least a few decent reviews. Everywhere else has realllyyyy bad rep


you should look up websites that advertise rooms that are for rent in the towson area! areas in loch raven (the area near target and giant) has a bus stop that is near apartments and homes and picks up/drops off at CLA

I was in your position last year. There’s York and you can also apply for Donnybrook housing and get a 3 person apt, rent is good but the apt isn’t furnished. Make sure before you sign the lease that you tell them you want a 10 month lease, not a 12 month (unless that’s what you want)

aspen is the closest to campus, then there’s altus and the york. Try those, there kinda expensive but there nothing you can do about it honestly they know we need housing and try to capitalize off that as much as they can.

You been to Aspen? I've gotten some good recommendations from friends about them as a grad student, though I swear I can't even get them to pick up the phone to answer a question

yes i’ve been to aspen several times, my brothers and friends live there. As for them picking up the phone idk but I know my parents and brothers had go to the leasing office to get a move on things, so try that.

there also university village (which is most likely full at this point) but you can still try. i’d just recommend staying as close to campus as possible, especially if you have late or early classes, it’s just more convenient and probably safer cause those buses stop running after 10pm

This might be a silly question but how early do the buses run? I've actually never taken the public bus before so I don't know how they work :')

True, most of my classes start as early as 8:00 so hopefully I find somewhere close haha

I’d find some friends and rent a house in a nearby community. You’ll save tons of money on rent and generally have a better living arrangement. A lot of the housing near TU is run cheaply and is usually over priced.

I'm a junior (female) looking for a third roommate in Cardiff hall apartments, dm me if you're interested :)

Hi! I dm'ed you a couple days ago! Is the offer still available? :O
