Towson Promenade Apartments
707 York Rd, Towson, MD 21204
0.7 miles to Towson University Main Campus
Rent range: $1,756 - $3,051
Unit sizes: 1 - 2 Beds

Amenities
Unit Features

    Air Conditioning
    Ceiling Fans
    Dining Room
    Extra Storage
    Fireplace
    Furnished
    Garbage Disposal
    Granite Countertops
    Hardwood Floors
    High-Speed Internet Available
    Kitchen
    Microwave
    Patio, Balcony, Porch or Deck
    Refrigerator
    Stainless Steel Appliances

Community Features

    Business Center
    Community Lounge
    Conference Room
    Elevator
    Fitness Room
    Full-time Maintenance Staff
    Pool

Laundry

    Laundry Access
    Laundry Room in Community
    Washer/Dryer in Unit

Unique Features

    10 ft. ceilings
    Accepts electronic payments
    Barn doors
    Build credit score with RentTrack
    Built-in bookcase
    Built-in desk
    Chestnut on marbled finish package
    Corner location
    Courtyards with fireplaces
    Deposit free with Rhino
    Dog park with agility equipment
    Dual vanity
    Electric car charging stations
    Glass enclosed shower
    Grey on white finish package

Security

    Gated Community

I scheduled a tour and received confirmation about it for today. I was sent available apartments to review with my move I dated. I confirmed the tour and then drove from 1.5 hours away and was told by the leasing office there are no tours available and no homes available. Please fix your system so tours aren’t scheduled incorrectly. The system is all automated and there’s no way to contact a person in the leasing office any other way.

They change my movein date and dont tell me. You cant reach lease team they doesnt have number for call, and doesnt respond any email or text messages. You need to be ready for changing plans and numbers

Should have read other reviews.

Where do I start. Rushed to sign lease saying if I didn't it would be gone. I did then every other response took days to receive. I even had to ask where and when for my move in date. What time do I arrive to finalize paperwork and where can I park etc. Then was rushed through the process with very little being explained. Since being here hallways are left dirty, trashed piled up in trash chute rooms instead of being put in trash chute, the dog poop... oh it is everywhere. The rats are even feasting on it in the dog park area. Doors are left propped open on the exterior of the building, probably because no one explained how guests get to arrive or leave the building. The guest parking not fully explained to others or the fact that guests have to pay for parking and how. Then my vehicle was towed because I was apparently parked in a reserved spot. Yes, there are random signs that say reserved parking but figured it was to alert guests that they were for residents and not to use them as the signs are not clustered together and are random. There wasn't even a curtesy call for the first time- someone who hasn't even been a resident for 2 weeks. I mean they had the permit number that was hanging in the windshield that would have given them my number. The leasing office even confirm they had it towed. How hard would have it been for a first-time offense to call and clarify. The confirmed they had it towed and have not responded to my response as of yet. I am sure there won't be any reimbursement or credit to make up for the lack of communication in regard to parking. Plus, given reading the other reviews they are still having cleanliness issues, I do not see them fixing those concerns either. My space - apartment is nice. The lay out great- view great- fixtures up to date- finishes nice- nice amenities- even quieter than many others I've lived in- even liked the security factor until it's not followed or upheld- location great- everything could be great if management gave more clarification, upheld building standards, cleanliness, security, and communicated to residents. They can ignore dog poop but calls the tow company instead of the resident for a first-time offense do lack of communication.

This place is tasteless. New management took over and the place has become a hell-hole. At move in, one of the amenities was 14 parking passes a month for visitors (at no charge) Since COVID, they implemented a change... Now there is a charge for those passes. How low could you go?

We moved in October 2020, and since the first day our toilet has been randomly overflowing and flooding our bathroom. This is NOT due to clogs. It foams and bubbles at random times. We've had maintenance and plumbers come out to fix it and nothing has changed. There are rats everywhere...it's true. The trash rooms are disgusting, they don't offer recycling and rats are living in the rooms. They've been doing construction non-stop on the parking garage and threaten to tow you if you park in the spot you paid for. I sold my car and no longer need a spot. It's $85 a month. They refuse to remove this charge for the remaining 9 months of my lease. So now I am paying $85 a month for a spot I don't have a car to park in. When it rains, the water leaks through the windows and pools on the banister. Maintenance has been out to look at this as well, nothing has changed. I put a towel down and that's the only solution. Packages pile up in the package room and they don't use the lockers that you pay for parcel services. You have to look through a pile of packages to find yours. Half of the light bulbs in the track lighting have been out since we moved in. They came to replace them and charged us $75 for the replacements. They proceeded to go out and now we're back to less than 50% of light bulbs working.

Our issues started at the beggining of quarantine, when a leaking washing machine 3 floors up completely ruined my closet. There was water leaking out into the hallway for several days. I had people knocking on my door as they passed, as late at 9pm, to inform me there was water in front of my apartment. I had to call maintenance 4 times over the course of a weekend in order to motivate them to put a wet floor sign in front of my door. Eventually they sent contractors into our home to tear out all of the drywall in my closet. This process took a couple weeks. None of the contractors were wearing a mask while working in our home. After the contractors left is when our problems really started. There are mice are everywhere, they live in the walls of the building. The construction opened up a hole in the wall for the mice to get in. Quickly they were able to find another way in and out of our apartment underneath the cabinets. We had a family of mice coming in and out of our home everyday for over two months. In addition to the mice we suddenly had cave crickets. The first pest control person they sent into our home informed us that in order to keep the mice out someone would need to come in and fill the holes. Without looking he knew where all of the holes in our apartment were, indicating this is a common issue. He put in a work order to have the holes filled. No one showed up to fill them. He came back week after week and the building did nothing. Eventually we got them to reimburse us for the cost of mouse traps. After 3-4 visits (and weeks) from the first pest control person, we started seeing a second one. He provided us with traps. He informed us of the same thing about the holes as the first pest control person. He submitted a work order every week for the next few weeks. It wasn't until we posted an angry review and contacted UDR that they followed through with what both pest control people were reccomending. We made it almost three months before the mice found another way into our home. Living here for over a year, its clear this building, at least the lower levels, are infested. Management will not leave you with any confidence about both their ability or desire to actually address the issue. Instead they provide a lot of lip service, pass the message up the chain and drag their feet on implementing a solution. Certainly not luxury, absolutely not worth what you will pay to live here.

Worst mistake I’ve ever made

The management here is awful. Constant lack of communication. Enormous rats everywhere. Fire alarms constantly go off for no reason. Hallways smell like trash. I’d give it Negative stars if I could.

Don’t Judge A Book By It’s Cover

This place might look great from the outside looking in, but this place is terrible. The fire alarms have gone off for hours, 3 separate times today. Meanwhile they just updated their fire alarms last week! There is no communication from management about what is going on. Other residents have stated that this is a normal occurrence here. We pay way too much money to be kicked out of our homes all day. Definitely don’t live here. Big regret.

I’m a current resident here and I   m very disappointed. First and foremost as I’m writing this review this morning at 8am I can’t not sleep because I hear loud noises outside my window. What do I see ? I see a worker throwing away trash in the dumpster. the slamming of the garbage lids. wooden planks, chairs and other things being carelessly tossed in the dumpster . This is EVERYDAY. But get this 2 hours from now the garbage truck will arrive and empty 7 garbage containers. Then I have to listen to the worker clean up the area and load more trash in the garbage container. When everything is done it’s at least 1pm . Mind you I work overnight . This isn’t fair to me or anybody else that lives on this side of the building . Smh . Now fast forward when it’s at night . For several hours I have to listen to the sounds of rats ?? yes I said rats fighting over the food or what have you outside my window.

Not worth the high prices that they charge. My experience over the last 22 Months; 9 months to fix the key fobs(Could not get into building), 2 months to fix the AC(I'd get home and it would be 95 degrees in the apartment on three different instances), 4 months of the door to the garage being broken(Security issue) and countless instances of dealing with people moving in or out late at night(as late as 3am) five feet from my apartment. The staff was slow to act in all instances if at all. Now I am being forced to pay for another month because the office did not notate my account back in December when I told them that I was not renewing. I DO NOT recommend that anyone move here.

I've lived in this building since the fall of 2012. The first 2 years I lived here I didn't encounter any major problems with the building itself, however, I did notice the building employees and maintenance staff were never doing there jobs. I consistently saw maintenance men smoking and chatting in the garage on their cell phones and no one was ever at the front desk when I walked by. I do recall being frustrated when no one ever answered the phone at the front desk when I would call. As I'm sure you can imagine a building left without proper management and lack of maintenance for 2 years can lead to some serious problems down the line. In 2014 it finally caught up with them. As an extremely clean resident, I was shocked to find that my apartment was invested with as many as 20 to 30 mice, who had been roaming our apartment at night and had invested the walls in between our apartment and the trash shoot. This problem was due to a health department code violation in the trash shoots that are constantly overflowing with trash; so much so that trash frequently floods into the hallways. The building staff took 5 months to get the problem "under control" after I hounded them to fix the problem and left my husband and I waiting for maintenance and pest control for hours on end. More often then not they would schedule an appointment with us and then never even show up. On top of that issue we had a loud knocking sound in our wall directly over our bed that woke us up 5 to 6 times a night. Building maintenance has been attempting to solve this problem for almost 2 years now without success. This problem has also subjected my husband and I to many missed maintenance appointments with no call to let us know no one was coming. The days of missed work are adding up. Most recently, the neighbors below us have had water leaking into their bathroom ceiling and maintenance again has us tied to our apartment, missing work, so they can experiment with what might be wrong. One maintenance man even commented during his third time in our apartment in less than 24 hours that what they did during the previous visit not only did not help the problem, it made it worse! Despite numerous changes in property management and maintenance staff from corporate demand none of the problems have been solved and are only getting worse as the building continues to age. I highly suggest you look elsewhere for an apartment and save yourself the headache.

Spiders, loud, terrible mgmt. what else do you need to not move here?