TowsonTown Place Apartments
6906 Donachie Rd, Baltimore, MD 21239
2.3 miles to Towson University Main Campus
Rent range: $1,124 - $3,818
Unit sizes: Studio - 3 Beds

Amenities
Unit Features

    Air Conditioning
    Carpet
    Dishwasher
    Garbage Disposal
    Gas Stove
    Granite Countertops
    Heat - Central
    Heat - Floor/Wall
    Heating
    High-Speed Internet Available
    Kitchen
    Laminate Floors
    Microwave
    Patio, Balcony, Porch or Deck
    Refrigerator

Community Features

    BBQ/BBQ Area
    Building Shuttle to campus
    Community Lounge
    Fitness Room
    Full-time Maintenance Staff
    Manager on Site
    Near Shuttle to Campus
    Outdoor Rec Space
    Playground
    Playground On-Site
    Pool
    Property Manager On-Site
    Tennis Court

Laundry

    Laundry Access
    Laundry Room in Community
    Washer/Dryer in Unit

Unique Features

    Air conditioning - central air
    Billiards Table
    Classic Style Apartment Homes Available
    Clubhouse - Internet Cafe with Wi Fi
    Dog Spa and Dog Park
    Fire Pit
    Fitness Center Playroom
    Grilling/Picnic area
    Newly Renovated Apartment Homes Available
    Poolside Bar & Lounge
    Smoke Free Community
    Stainless Steel Appliances*
    Vinyl Plank Flooring*
    Yoga Studio

Security

    Controlled Access

Management is Great. Tina Was A Great Help! Highly Recommend

Yeah, I lived here from 2019 through covid, and now getting out in 2025. Unless you're part of the problem you won't see the problem. All I can say is Morgan students were given free housing here...do with that information what you will. Used to be decent.

I have lived here for 2 years and management is terrible. I recently had a leakage on one of the bedroom’s closets, they came to fix it and left a hole on the ceiling and it has been almost a month and they still haven’t showed up to fix it. I’ve called each week and no one answers.

1 star is a blessing

If I could give 0 stars , I would . The first day I moved in , I saw a roach in the bedroom closet not knowing what was coming after. Being that I've never had pest in my house before, I thought maybe the previous tenant wasn't the cleanist and they would go away eventually . Months after I am still having those same issues only worse, they have a pest control company onsite, that's how you know the problem is bad, they have came to the apartment multiple times and it seems like its only making in worse and when they did finally come, they entered the apartment without my acknowledgement. For the amount of money I am paying, I should be able to come home and not have to worry about pest droppings in both my bathroom and kitchen countertops/ cabinets. And don't get me started on the business office, there are the most unprofessional people I've ever met that are always causing problems for me and my family.

Mice & Terrible management

We have been here for only 2 weeks! The stove was broke when we first moved in. The dryer doesn’t work. There are mice and we have kept the apartment as clean as possible. The front desk NEVER answers the phone. Do NOT come here.

Do not move here the pics are pretty the mice are horrible they are everywhere the showers always leaking horrible plumbing we didmt have heat for 2 weeks the manager gives you attitude when talking to her the only good part of this community is thecguy in resident relations Tremain

This is my first apartment, and so far it’s traumatizing. I was suppose to move in a week after my roommate due to transferring from another state. Upon arrival, there’s no hot water in the shower, my bedroom closet door is completely broken and almost fell on me, the living room vent is broken with bugs coming through. Everything was reported October 8th, it’s the 22nd and I still haven’t been able to move in. Today my roommate called emergency maintenance to fix the hot water, he was told that wasn’t an emergency. Who the hell showers in cold water during this weather??? We have called multiple times and was given the same answer. The maintenance request has been placed. I haven’t even lived in the apartment because it’s not hot water in the shower. I might have to get a lawyer or find a Corporate number. I refuse to pay full rent in a place I’ve only been in once. Unacceptable!!! No one should move into a damaged apartment and it shouldn’t have been rented out.

I recently moved into the property on July 29th. The property was not ready to receive me so they displaced me in a hotel. After the hotel stay I moved into an apartment that was not painted and broken items. Also, 2 cockroaches climbed out of the sink. The property is unkempt. I have to receive my keys to the amenities... Oh and you forget about the pool. There has not been a lifeguard to be seen in a week. Yes you can put in your maintenance ticket but no one is coming.... Did I forget to mention that the apartment wasn't clean either...tenants prevous hair in the brown (stained brown) walled shower. I am a tenant who pays their rent and enjoys their rentable space quietly. The model unit is not the reflection of the apartment that you are going to receive. DO NOT RENT HERE!

here are all the facts. Six months here and I may break the lease early to end my hell. Aggressive mice problem Handles hot and cold put on wrong (all of them) All outlets too loose to hold anything Gaps in cabinets (kitchen/sink) at least four inches Hole next to our apartment w birds nest (reported months ago) Paint splatter on floors Smell of smoke and marijuana Black Mold in stairwell Elevators always breaking down with people trapped in them All drains clogged and permanently broken Hole and chipped concrete on patio Broken ac Broken heat Forced to pay 300 for amenities fee w things constantly closed or extra applications needed Everyone was told free parking as there are 20 parking lots and now want to charge every car 50 to park Tried to add someone to lease, they charged me for application fee and never got back to me. Left multiple messages and went to the office to confront them and they keep avoiding an answer so unable to use amenities nor refund for application fee

Ive been loving it here since i moved here in December. the complex is very community-oriented, staff is friendly, all the buildings are clean and renovated. talking to mrs debbie (the office lady) is always a pleasure and she is always on top of everything. i see myself staying here for a long time.

Been here for 3 years and each year it is a hot mess. Nice running around I. The laundry rooms and in the hallways. Stairwells always have some type of furniture blocking the steps ( fire hazard) elevator buttons are missing so you have to take the stairwells to certain floors to get too the first floor. The elevator floor is lifting up and I almost fell a lot of times.

I have been a resident at Towson Town Place Apartments since they were Fairways of Towson Apartments. Once the team from Fairways of Towson departed, so did the customer service. I do not usually write reviews, but I find it necessary in this case. I was about to break my lease and move but I watched the new property manager, Ms. Dominique, and Ms. Debbie, the office administrator, work hard to turn this thing around. Once I told them about my complaints, they made sure that maintenance took care of everything. I am looking forward to seeing what this team will do to make these apartments even more beautiful than they were the day I chose to move in.

Nothing is clean and the management acts like that's expected. I can't sleep at night with all the mice that roam around. Maintenance is my guest. They come by twice every week to not fix anything but pile up issues I live in a house full of rat/mouse traps and some glue pads for roaches and other stuff. This place is just a disgrace to Baltimore

I have written many reviews but for some reason they keep getting removed. Nevertheless DO NOT LIVE HERE! In the winter there were serious mice problems, and management didn’t really do much to help. My roommate and I constantly had to hound the leasing office for them to send exterminators and they wouldn’t let us bring our own. Not even just one or two, I’m talking FAMILIES of mice! We were even told by Trina to pick up a dead mouse ourselves! There were also random time periods where the water turned off, and we even went without heat for a week in the winter time! Above all, worse then the mice issues, we had an issue with the management office going into our unit UNAUTHORIZED and throwing out our items! Their excuse “the unit looked unoccupied so we thought you moved out,” WE WERE STILL PAYING RENT! It took contacting the President of the management company to get results, and we weren’t even reimbursed until a year later! Please, everyone, especially if you’re a college student, STAY AWAY! Spend your money elsewhere.

My fiancé and I are relocating from PA to the Towson area for work and were looking for a new place to call home. TowsonTown Apartments was second on the list of 6 places we were planning to tour during our visit. We weren’t sold on the first place we toured, but as soon as we arrived at TowsonTown and were greeted by Darryll, we were very excited! We booked a tour online and Darryll met with us as soon as we arrived. I don’t think I have ever met a more friendly and welcoming leasing agent. We sat down with him and he listened to all of our needs/ wants, he gave us a very detailed tour of the property and answered all of our questions. Darryll showed us multiple options within our budget and made it super easy to decide what would be perfect for us. We settled on a renovated one bedroom apartment- we were not able to tour our specific unit but Darryll was able to paint a good picture of what it would look like exactly. Needless to say we didn’t bother touring the other apartments in the area! We applied online and was able to correspond with Darryll who was super prompt in answering all of my questions about the process. I recently dropped off our security deposit and was greeted by Darryll again along with the rest of the wonderful staff and now I just can’t wait to move in!

We have not had hot water for 3 days, and at times, no running water at all. We only know that there is a problem because the contractors that were hired to fix the problem, told us one day as a heads up while they were eating lunch. It’s been 3 days and Towson town place has yet to even inform us that pipes are being worked in and we might be without water

As soon as I moved in my carpet smelled like dog. Management here is terrible they all have attitudes for no reason and looked shocked when you give them one back. Towson/Morgan students DO NOT LIVE HERE! The prices are a trap! You will have mice no matter how nice you decide to upgrade your apartment and the “exterminators” they send just lay down lazy traps that the mice can easily run over(It happened to me!). They also would randomly cut our water off without notice at times and even with notice it was still inconvenient. Maybe once they fix their nasty attitudes, pest problems and other terrible reoccurring issues that I could go on about they wouldn’t get so many terrible reviews.

Visited this place last week for a tour and they neglected me outside as if I didn’t make an appointment before coming . Mind you have made an appointment a week ago, It was so embarrassing and I feel stupid going there . After standing for some minutes outside a guy called Michael just pointed a place to me to go check my self even as I keep telling him I don’t know my way around. Imagine for a first timer who is looking to rent an apartment. Too bad SMH

Ms. Trina was awesome!

My friend and I came to look at apartments today and were a little confused. Ms Trina saw that we were confused and came to our rescue! She showed us 3 different apartment models and was very patient with us because we were asking a lot last minute. She made us feel like more than clients which meant a lot. I am very pleased with the apartment options and prices and because of Ms. Trina we will most likely be living here. Thanks again Ms. Trina!

I was very upset first visiting the property and walking into the leasing office to no one greeting my boyfriend and I. Then we asked to view a apartment and she said no she doesn’t have anything to show me . From there the conversation was pointless I didn’t receive anything that benefited me . I will take my business else where very unprofessional.

I would like to thank & let Miss Trina know I appreciate her so much. Miss Trina went above and beyond to assist my situation. Miss Trina had a very warm welcoming demeanor which made very comfortable & eager to live here. From the time that I stepped into the office she made me feel like family. Greeted me with the up most respect. Miss Trina asked me what I was looking for, and she promptly helped me find just that. Miss Trina wasn’t even at work when I came in but she still took the time to get a golf cart and take me over to an apartment as well as show me what was available in the towers. Ms. Trina took me on a tour she was very personable, very professional, she provided me with all information needed. The tour was fun and she provided me with all of the information. Miss Trina is clearly eager to do her job and she is more than professional. Five stars is not enough ,but it will do. Thankful for Miss Trina for walking me through the application process so smoothly. Love & appreciate you Miss Trina.

I called in to speak to someone about the details of renting an apartment in your beautiful complex. I was greated with the friendliest "how may I help you" by a woman named Trina! She was friendly, polite, knowlegeable, and extremely helpful during our conversation. I have not experienced excellent customer service like that (other than chick-fil-a) in so long. Trina was such a breath of fresh air during such a stressful time for me and my family. Your company is blessed to have someone like Trina who provides a warm and welcoming ambiance to the office. Many other apartment complexes that I have been in contact with were rude, lacked in social skills, and essentially made me feel like it was all about the $!!! So thank you for having Trina as part of your team!!!!

I LOVEEEEDDDDD THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WHEN TRYING TO FIND THE RIGHT APARTMENT . There was so many options that it was really hard to come down to only one choice . The manager was really nice , and had an amazing personality . I felt like I was already home ! Ms. Tina , the specialist that actually showed me around the property and helped with my paper work ... AMAZING!!! She was a wonderful help ! She was very understanding, had a warm welcoming personality , I literally felt like I was being welcomed by a new family . They both we’re very honest about the property . GIVE MS. TINA A RAISE !!!! She deserves it !!!! I would recommend this place to anyone that is looking to move into these beautiful apartments . Ps. I hope I’m spelling let alone saying the correct name haha I’m so happy about my decision today that I mistakenly left the business card in the car yet brought in all my new home goodies that was meant to stay in the car lol

Do yourself a favor and live anywhere else..

Unless this is your only option in Towson, please do yourself a favor and think twice before signing a lease at Towson town place. Don’t be fooled by the renovations- management is non responsive, tenants leave garbage out on the grounds like it is what is acceptable... I have sent over 40 complaints about neighbors leaving their refuse in the lawn and none of it has caused a change. Mold issues have persisted, with no resolution. This place is a hellhole

Had issues with mice, flies, roaches, and spiders in this apartment complex. Plus they had the nerve to increase the rent price and started charging for trash and water for next year as if a whole high-profile murder didn’t happen here in March that they were oblivious to. The university notified residents before the leasing office did. Also don’t expect your maintenance requests to be completed until weeks in advance. Poor service and attitude from the people in the office as well.

Management is slow on fulfilling your requests. Had a issue with mice and the walls are thin so you hear almost everything in the building but I they are fairly decent with keeping up the complex. Also crime is prevalent in some areas so be wary