This place is absolute --------. They do not care about their residents at all. You have to figure everything out on your own. They make doing laundry very difficult and provide no assistance. Also they make guests pay $25 to park and it only lasts for the month you buy it in. You can buy a pass on the 29th and it is only good until the 31st. Also, parking is free until 5. They wait until 5:00 on the first of the month and tow all the cars to make a profit. They even will shovel the snow off your car IN A STORM, just to tow it. This place is despicable. I would give negative stars when it comes to the overall score of this place.

I've lived here for 2 years. First year loved it, second year, hated it. They DO NOT care about residents. I feel like they only care about stealing money from college kids. Will literally find things to make you pay. Spend $250 on a parking pass. Then have to pay for a guest. Management will not answer questions and is just plain rude. Maintenance will show up unannounced, walk through to 'check things out' then leave without warning or leaving a note saying they were there. With the COVID-19 situation, they were completely unwilling to work with me on paying rent since I was without a job. Basically said they don't care and continue paying. There is no way to break the lease early. You will still have to pay the remaining rent (there is no pay 2 months then leave like most other apartments.) Only plus side is the convince to campus and private bedrooms. But definitely could find another apartment way cheaper.

save yourself from the worst mistake all of the parking is behind 1 specific building so everyday your going to walk apprx 10 mins to your car . Not to mention they work hand in hand with the towing company $280to squeeze more money out of students

UV has been borderline ------. Apartments don't get cleaned over the summer, management shakes you down for money w/o understanding new lease agreeements. You have to pay 250 just for a parking pass. And pay just to haVe a guest safely park there without having to worry about them getting towed. And you have to pay for a pass after each new lease. Even if you don't sign a new lease they keep you in the system and will attempt to put you in a new room without signature. You can't break lease unless you have someone else in the apartment paying rent, and until you do you continue to pay rent. Management is incompetent and will continue to try to get into your pocket, won't Remember new lease agreements and are hard to get into reach with. Not to mention there's plenty of turnover in that office. Only good thing about this place is that it's right next to campus and it has a shuttle stop. UV has to be the biggest cluster---- housing ever.

This apartment has had so many problems in the last 10 months. This whole experience here was horrible and I advise everyone who is a potential resident to steer clear. My building didn't have hot water for at least two weeks and they showed no urgency to fix it. After no hot water, we didn't have water at all. between furniture falling apart, microwaves exploding, rust dripping into the shower from the ceiling for 10 months after they said "it will be fixed soon", the chlorine in the shower water, and the HORRIBLE parking, its safe to say this was the worst possible choice in apartment that is so overpriced for the ---- quality.

There are not enough negative words to describe this place. Here is what I experienced while living here: Paying $900 a month PER PERSON Maintenance walks in without warning and I have a man walk into my room when I was asleep and naked They turn off the heat during winter break and use the excuse that the cold weather is the reason I wake up to a 40 degree apartment each morning but when winter break is over, the heat magically works again They made me pay for the excess heat I had to use when they shut it off They turn off the wifi once summer break hits You cannot have more than 1 guest per week and they cannot park here for more than 2 days despite tons of open spaces I have been mistakenly towed despite me having a parking pass and they said oh well, I have to pay the $350 to get my car back The walls are paper thin and every apartment building smells of weed Basically, if you enjoy paying an arm and a leg to have no privacy and nothing to ever work, then this place is perfect for you. Avoid at all costs.